propsals/proposal-phase-2.md, before:

# Decred Arabia Communications and Content Creation (Phase 2)

```
Domain: Marketing
Amount: $
Start Date: 
End Date: 
```

## Summary

This proposal renews the funding for continuing the creation of content and communications in Arabic for 10-12 months.

## Phase 1 report

Following, a summary of the first [Decred Arabia Communications and Content Creation Proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/d0c32d5) that was submitted in January 2021 and expired at the end of June 2021.

### Events

Because of COVID-19, all the event rooms were closed and meetings were prohibited, so we did our best in this period to organize and participate in events.

* [Blockchain, AI, and Big Data](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210206.1) in Casablanca, Morocco. On the occasion of Decred 5th birthday, I took the opportunity to organize an event with OMJD. There were 3 talks on machine learning, big data, and blockchains. In the latter, I talked about how Decred blockchain was used in Brazil municipal elections. 20 people were expected but 40 showed up and ~500 watched it live. In the end, there was a small celebration of the anniversary.

* [Arab Blockchain Week 2021](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210612.1) - Whova, Internet. Arab Blockchain Week is a decentralized community-organized initiative. There was no single owner but a group of supporters sharing their passion about blockchain technology, education, business and the importance of empowering the Arab community in blockchain for a better future. I introduced on-chain and off-chain governance and examples of both in Decred (see links and slides in the [report](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210612.1)).

* [YOUCATHON: Youth For Change & Action (100 % Digital)](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210710.1) - Youssoufia, Morocco. Computer science school YouCode organized a hackathon between two campuses in Youssoufia and Safi, connected over a video conference. I was invited to talk about blockchain technology. In my ~80 min talk, I explained the tech and demonstrated Decred wallet and Politeia. Questions concerned how this can be used to build applications and what opportunities exist to work in blockchain projects, so I explained my role in Decred and how to join.

### Media presence and content

* Educational [video](https://youtu.be/k6xXL_ttSDI) about Decred Hybrid System in Arabic.

* I was [interviewed](https://youtu.be/hUXk1GWhE-0) by @elima\_iii in Decred in Depth podcast about my work for Decred and the adoption of cryptocurrency in the Arabic world.

* [State of crypto adoption in Morocco](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210315.1) - Internet. I was invited to an interview with Tony Obiajuru from on #InsideBlockchain at CryptoTvplus where I told about the state of crypto adoption in Morocco, and about Decred and my work with the project.

* As Decred Group Community Manager, I was interviewed by [CoinDesk](https://www.coindesk.com/crypto-is-banned-in-morocco-but-bitcoin-purchases-are-soaring) to give a comment on the state of crypto adoption in Morocco. The article was translated to 4+ languages and went a bit viral in Moroccan electronic news. Governor of the central bank of Morocco [commented](https://youtu.be/yWLNOlKbhtc) on the article, saying that they've put together a committee for studying crypto and central bank digital currencies to keep up with the innovation, that Bitcoin is not money because it's speculative and unregulated, but in the end people cannot be stopped from using it. As a follow-up the bank has launched a [video](https://youtu.be/38N24GrUTxY) discouraging from using Bitcoin because it's too risky.

### Social media

Our social media accounts and changes since the previous proposal:

* Twitter: [@DecredArabia](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia), ~260 followers (+30)
* Telegram: [@decredarabia](https://t.me/decredarabia), ~80 users (-10)
* Facebook: [DecredArabia](https://www.facebook.com/DecredArabia), ~250 followers (+50)

### Finances

For the videos, due to { finish this paragraph }

Here's a more detailed breakdown of our spending:

| Area    | Allocated | Spent  | Remaining |
|:--------|----------:|-------:|----------:|
| Events  |    $3,400 | $1,260 |    $2,160 |
| Videos  |    $2,800 |   $700 |    $2,100 |
| Total   |    $6,200 | $1,960 |    $4,260 |

{ check amounts and math }

## Work included in this proposal

Events and workshops about Decred technology and blockchain in order to meet people in real life, explain to them this great technology and make them fall in love with it and use it, and increase our network.

This proposal's budget covers all marketing materials, travel expenses and sponsorship/event organization as well as working hours.

Creation of educational videos in Arabic in order to explain Decred and its features to a wider audience.

## Who?

This proposal will be executed by Decred in Arabia Ops team: [arij](https://twitter.com/in_insaf) (Decred Arabia, Community Manager) and [Zakaria](https://twitter.com/aithzakaria1) (Design).

Commit message:

reword phase 1 report intro and finances para

propsals/proposal-phase-2.md, after:

# Decred Arabia Communications and Content Creation (Phase 2)

```
Domain: Marketing
Amount: $
Start Date: 
End Date: 
```

## Summary

This proposal renews the funding for continuing the creation of content and communications in Arabic for 10-12 months.

## Phase 1 report

The first [Decred Arabia Communications and Content Creation](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/d0c32d5) proposal covered work since January till approximately June 2021, or until the funds run out.

Below is a summary of Phase 1 activity and expenses.

### Events

Because of COVID-19, all the event rooms were closed and meetings were prohibited, so we did our best in this period to organize and participate in events.

* [Blockchain, AI, and Big Data](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210206.1) in Casablanca, Morocco. On the occasion of Decred 5th birthday, I took the opportunity to organize an event with OMJD. There were 3 talks on machine learning, big data, and blockchains. In the latter, I talked about how Decred blockchain was used in Brazil municipal elections. 20 people were expected but 40 showed up and ~500 watched it live. In the end, there was a small celebration of the anniversary.

* [Arab Blockchain Week 2021](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210612.1) - Whova, Internet. Arab Blockchain Week is a decentralized community-organized initiative. There was no single owner but a group of supporters sharing their passion about blockchain technology, education, business and the importance of empowering the Arab community in blockchain for a better future. I introduced on-chain and off-chain governance and examples of both in Decred (see links and slides in the [report](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210612.1)).

* [YOUCATHON: Youth For Change & Action (100 % Digital)](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210710.1) - Youssoufia, Morocco. Computer science school YouCode organized a hackathon between two campuses in Youssoufia and Safi, connected over a video conference. I was invited to talk about blockchain technology. In my ~80 min talk, I explained the tech and demonstrated Decred wallet and Politeia. Questions concerned how this can be used to build applications and what opportunities exist to work in blockchain projects, so I explained my role in Decred and how to join.

### Media presence and content

* Educational [video](https://youtu.be/k6xXL_ttSDI) about Decred Hybrid System in Arabic.

* I was [interviewed](https://youtu.be/hUXk1GWhE-0) by @elima\_iii in Decred in Depth podcast about my work for Decred and the adoption of cryptocurrency in the Arabic world.

* [State of crypto adoption in Morocco](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20210315.1) - Internet. I was invited to an interview with Tony Obiajuru from on #InsideBlockchain at CryptoTvplus where I told about the state of crypto adoption in Morocco, and about Decred and my work with the project.

* As Decred Group Community Manager, I was interviewed by [CoinDesk](https://www.coindesk.com/crypto-is-banned-in-morocco-but-bitcoin-purchases-are-soaring) to give a comment on the state of crypto adoption in Morocco. The article was translated to 4+ languages and went a bit viral in Moroccan electronic news. Governor of the central bank of Morocco [commented](https://youtu.be/yWLNOlKbhtc) on the article, saying that they've put together a committee for studying crypto and central bank digital currencies to keep up with the innovation, that Bitcoin is not money because it's speculative and unregulated, but in the end people cannot be stopped from using it. As a follow-up the bank has launched a [video](https://youtu.be/38N24GrUTxY) discouraging from using Bitcoin because it's too risky.

### Social media

Our social media accounts and changes since the previous proposal:

* Twitter: [@DecredArabia](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia), ~260 followers (+30)
* Telegram: [@decredarabia](https://t.me/decredarabia), ~80 users (-10)
* Facebook: [DecredArabia](https://www.facebook.com/DecredArabia), ~250 followers (+50)

### Finances

For the videos, due to { finish this paragraph }

Phase 1 proposal had a limit of **$6,200** but only ~32% of it was used and the rest remains in the treasury.

| Area    | Allocated | Spent  | Remaining |
|:--------|----------:|-------:|----------:|
| Events  |    $3,400 | $1,260 |    $2,160 |
| Videos  |    $2,800 |   $700 |    $2,100 |
| Total   |    $6,200 | $1,960 |    $4,260 |

{ check amounts and math }

## Work included in this proposal

Events and workshops about Decred technology and blockchain in order to meet people in real life, explain to them this great technology and make them fall in love with it and use it, and increase our network.

This proposal's budget covers all marketing materials, travel expenses and sponsorship/event organization as well as working hours.

Creation of educational videos in Arabic in order to explain Decred and its features to a wider audience.

## Who?

This proposal will be executed by Decred in Arabia Ops team: [arij](https://twitter.com/in_insaf) (Decred Arabia, Community Manager) and [Zakaria](https://twitter.com/aithzakaria1) (Design).
