propsals/proposal-draft.md, before:

# Decred Arabia Communications and Content Creation

## What?

This proposal is an effort by contributors from Arabic countries to increase the awareness, presence, and adoption of Decred in the Arabic region.

The objective of this proposal is to have a dedicated budget that will cover six months of operations that will include events and video creation.

## Why?

The Arabic population is over [400 million](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_where_Arabic_is_an_official_language) spread across Asia and Africa.

Many Arabic states got interested in the potential of blockchains and have invested in specialized departments or have simply signed partnerships with world leaders in the sector. Many startup companies have appeared, creating an ecosystem conducive to the emergence of this technology in the Arabic world.

## Past work

Since 2017 I've started my Decred adventure with love and will continue to do what I have been doing.

During my work for Decred I realized that it is very important to create links between Decred ecosystem and the wider audience. I have been doing that since 2018, and today I can clearly see that more people are interested, can understand the technology and are changing their perception of it.

Main activities so far have been creating content in Arabic, growing social media presence, and organizing/attending events to build our network of connections and search for talent, and here what we did exactly:

### Created Arabic content

- translated [8 key articles](https://insaf01.github.io/decred-arabic/) including Decred [Technical Brief](https://decred.org/dcr_technical_brief.pdf) and [Business Brief](https://decred.org/brief/)

- translated [2 years](https://insaf01.github.io/decred-journal-ar/) of Decred Journal and [5 issues](https://insaf01.github.io/politeia-digest-ar/) of Politeia Digest

- produced original educational videos about Decred technology: [History of Money](https://youtu.be/OFONdBbYbBc), [Decred's History and Roadmap](https://youtu.be/_7Ae_Klwqo0), [Decred's Hybrid System](https://youtu.be/k6xXL_ttSDI)

- created Arabic subtitles for some key videos including Exitus' Staking Tutorial and a few short video pitches of Decred

You can check the full list by searching for "Arabic" in the [translations index](https://github.com/decredcommunity/translations/blob/master/index.md).

### Events

Events we organized and attended so far help to understand what was achieved and what to expect. Clicking on most events below will show you the full report.

* [The Digital Economy and Blockchain Technology](https://www.facebook.com/events/241045786567334/). In October 2018 I held my first Decred meetup in Casablanca. 20+ people who attended were mostly cryptocurrency users. The talk was about Decred Project and blockchain technology. (photos: [1](https://twitter.com/in_insaf/status/1056252398476423168) [2](https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1884165438286394&id=1836611206375151))

* [IEEE Morocco Blockchain Summit](http://blockchainsummit.ma/). This was the first Blockchain Summit held in Morocco in April 2019. We had a booth for 2 days during which we met people from different backgrounds (businessmen, professors, minister, students, most never heard of Decred), explained Decred technology and got them interested. The organizers asked us to talk about Decred governance and tech at their next event. (photos: [1](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia/status/1121011670808240128) [2](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia/status/1121160292333965313) [3](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia/status/1121695331253673984))

* [Decred, Success Story and Innovation](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20190921-decred-meetup-casablanca-morocco.md). In September 2019 I had an opportunity to talk about working as a Decred contractor. 30+ people attended and asked a lot of questions (including if we can do courses and more meetups) so that I had to extend it by 1 hour. This event gave us new contacts and opportunities.

* [Event](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20191020-wafaa-casablanca-morocco.md) with Wafaa Association in Casablanca. After the previous event I was invited to talk in greater detail about Decred and blockchains at Wafaa Association to ~20 computer science students. Again I was asked to do another meetup.

* [Africa Blockchain Summit 2019](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20191121-africa-blockchain-summit-rabat-morocco.md) in Morocco. I was invited to attend the summit in November 2019 as Decred representative. There I had a chance to meet key players in Morocco and Africa, and to talk about Decred with some of them.

* [Blockchain Technology and Use Cases](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20200124-blockchain-technology-and-use-cases-casablanca-morocco.md) in Casablanca, Morocco. I was invited by another association in Casablanca-Morocco "Toratiyat al Baidaa" to hold a workshop in January 2020 about blockchain technology. The ~50 attendees were mostly students who have heard about crypto and I got an 1-hour lively discussion after the event.

* [International Women's Day](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/GDGCasablanca/events/268661463/). In March 2020 I had the opportunity to collaborate with Women Techmakers Casablanca. The event was held at ENSAM, a University of Science. Most of the 70 attendees were data science students and developers who asked more technical questions. I gave a talk about blockchains and a presentation how transactions work on Decred's blockchain. ([photos](https://www.flickr.com/photos/187387360@N04/albums/72157713440754483))

* [The virtual training academy](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20200708-virtual-training-academy-internet.md) themed "youth entrepreneurship". In July 2020 we did our first virtual event during Covid-19. 20+ people joined the presentation about blockchains and how Decred's hybrid PoW/PoS works.

* [Partnership agreement with OMJD](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20201128.1). After the previous online meetup with "The Moroccan Organization of Young Decision Makers", in November I signed a partnership agreement with OMJD in order to work together in the field of technology for the benefit of the youth. Per this 2-year agreement I will hold meetups and workshops and present Decred and blockchain tech. A press conference was held at the end of the event and its [recording](https://youtu.be/2gI_RRdIJ5U) was published in a pretty big Arabic channel.

Collectively these events made people and companies from different backgrounds hear about Decred, and allowed us to onboard new users and establish connections that may help in the future.

### Arabic social media

* Twitter: [@DecredArabia](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia), ~230 followers
* Telegram: [@decredarabia](https://t.me/decredarabia), ~90 users
* Facebook: [DecredArabia](https://www.facebook.com/DecredArabia), ~200 followers

## Work included in this proposal

* Creation of educational videos in Arabic in order to explain Decred and its features to a wider audience.

* Events and workshops about Decred technology and blockchain in order to meet people in real life, explain to them this great technology and make them fall in love with it and use it, and increase our network.

This proposal's budget covers all marketing materials, travel expenses and sponsorship/event organization as well as working hours.

Article and video translations are _not included_ since they are already funded by kozel's translations [proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/c093b8a).

## Who?

This proposal will be executed by Decred in Arabia Ops team: [arij](https://twitter.com/in_insaf) (Decred Arabia, Community Manager) and [Zakaria](https://twitter.com/aithzakaria1) (Design).

## Cost

Spending too much on videos at this point is not reasonable, so we've decided to record 3 strategic videos for now and use them as entry points we send to new people. If that works well we might add more videos in the next proposal.

[One](https://youtu.be/k6xXL_ttSDI) of the planned strategic videos has already been published and is included in this proposal's budget.

Category | Details                                    | Unit Price | Units | Total Price
:--------|:-------------------------------------------|:----------:|:-----:|------------:
Events   | Room Renting                               |    $300    |   4   |      $1,200
Events   | Food and Drinks                            |    $200    |   4   |        $800
Events   | Printing Materials                         |    $100    |   4   |        $400
Events   | Working Hours                              |    $250    |   4   |      $1,000
Videos   | Research + Scripting + Filming + Editing   |    $700    |   3   |      $2,100
Videos   | Decred Hybrid System (already published)   |    $700    |   1   |        $700

The total budget of this proposal is **USD $6,200** to be used during 6 months from January till June 2020.

**Thanks for reading!**

Commit message:

move past work intro one level higher

propsals/proposal-draft.md, after:

# Decred Arabia Communications and Content Creation

## What?

This proposal is an effort by contributors from Arabic countries to increase the awareness, presence, and adoption of Decred in the Arabic region.

The objective of this proposal is to have a dedicated budget that will cover six months of operations that will include events and video creation.

## Why?

The Arabic population is over [400 million](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_where_Arabic_is_an_official_language) spread across Asia and Africa.

Many Arabic states got interested in the potential of blockchains and have invested in specialized departments or have simply signed partnerships with world leaders in the sector. Many startup companies have appeared, creating an ecosystem conducive to the emergence of this technology in the Arabic world.

## Past work

Since 2017 I've started my Decred adventure with love and will continue to do what I have been doing.

During my work for Decred I realized that it is very important to create links between Decred ecosystem and the wider audience. I have been doing that since 2018, and today I can clearly see that more people are interested, can understand the technology and are changing their perception of it.

Main activities so far have been creating content in Arabic, growing social media presence, and organizing/attending events to build our network of connections and search for talent. Highlights of past work is provided below to show what was achieved and what to expect in the future.

### Created Arabic content

- translated [8 key articles](https://insaf01.github.io/decred-arabic/) including Decred [Technical Brief](https://decred.org/dcr_technical_brief.pdf) and [Business Brief](https://decred.org/brief/)

- translated [2 years](https://insaf01.github.io/decred-journal-ar/) of Decred Journal and [5 issues](https://insaf01.github.io/politeia-digest-ar/) of Politeia Digest

- produced original educational videos about Decred technology: [History of Money](https://youtu.be/OFONdBbYbBc), [Decred's History and Roadmap](https://youtu.be/_7Ae_Klwqo0), [Decred's Hybrid System](https://youtu.be/k6xXL_ttSDI)

- created Arabic subtitles for some key videos including Exitus' Staking Tutorial and a few short video pitches of Decred

You can check the full list by searching for "Arabic" in the [translations index](https://github.com/decredcommunity/translations/blob/master/index.md).

### Events

Clicking on most events below will show you the full report.

* [The Digital Economy and Blockchain Technology](https://www.facebook.com/events/241045786567334/). In October 2018 I held my first Decred meetup in Casablanca. 20+ people who attended were mostly cryptocurrency users. The talk was about Decred Project and blockchain technology. (photos: [1](https://twitter.com/in_insaf/status/1056252398476423168) [2](https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1884165438286394&id=1836611206375151))

* [IEEE Morocco Blockchain Summit](http://blockchainsummit.ma/). This was the first Blockchain Summit held in Morocco in April 2019. We had a booth for 2 days during which we met people from different backgrounds (businessmen, professors, minister, students, most never heard of Decred), explained Decred technology and got them interested. The organizers asked us to talk about Decred governance and tech at their next event. (photos: [1](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia/status/1121011670808240128) [2](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia/status/1121160292333965313) [3](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia/status/1121695331253673984))

* [Decred, Success Story and Innovation](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20190921-decred-meetup-casablanca-morocco.md). In September 2019 I had an opportunity to talk about working as a Decred contractor. 30+ people attended and asked a lot of questions (including if we can do courses and more meetups) so that I had to extend it by 1 hour. This event gave us new contacts and opportunities.

* [Event](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20191020-wafaa-casablanca-morocco.md) with Wafaa Association in Casablanca. After the previous event I was invited to talk in greater detail about Decred and blockchains at Wafaa Association to ~20 computer science students. Again I was asked to do another meetup.

* [Africa Blockchain Summit 2019](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20191121-africa-blockchain-summit-rabat-morocco.md) in Morocco. I was invited to attend the summit in November 2019 as Decred representative. There I had a chance to meet key players in Morocco and Africa, and to talk about Decred with some of them.

* [Blockchain Technology and Use Cases](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20200124-blockchain-technology-and-use-cases-casablanca-morocco.md) in Casablanca, Morocco. I was invited by another association in Casablanca-Morocco "Toratiyat al Baidaa" to hold a workshop in January 2020 about blockchain technology. The ~50 attendees were mostly students who have heard about crypto and I got an 1-hour lively discussion after the event.

* [International Women's Day](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/GDGCasablanca/events/268661463/). In March 2020 I had the opportunity to collaborate with Women Techmakers Casablanca. The event was held at ENSAM, a University of Science. Most of the 70 attendees were data science students and developers who asked more technical questions. I gave a talk about blockchains and a presentation how transactions work on Decred's blockchain. ([photos](https://www.flickr.com/photos/187387360@N04/albums/72157713440754483))

* [The virtual training academy](https://github.com/decredcommunity/events/blob/master/reports/20200708-virtual-training-academy-internet.md) themed "youth entrepreneurship". In July 2020 we did our first virtual event during Covid-19. 20+ people joined the presentation about blockchains and how Decred's hybrid PoW/PoS works.

* [Partnership agreement with OMJD](https://decredcommunity.github.io/events/index/20201128.1). After the previous online meetup with "The Moroccan Organization of Young Decision Makers", in November I signed a partnership agreement with OMJD in order to work together in the field of technology for the benefit of the youth. Per this 2-year agreement I will hold meetups and workshops and present Decred and blockchain tech. A press conference was held at the end of the event and its [recording](https://youtu.be/2gI_RRdIJ5U) was published in a pretty big Arabic channel.

Collectively these events made people and companies from different backgrounds hear about Decred, and allowed us to onboard new users and establish connections that may help in the future.

### Arabic social media

* Twitter: [@DecredArabia](https://twitter.com/DecredArabia), ~230 followers
* Telegram: [@decredarabia](https://t.me/decredarabia), ~90 users
* Facebook: [DecredArabia](https://www.facebook.com/DecredArabia), ~200 followers

## Work included in this proposal

* Creation of educational videos in Arabic in order to explain Decred and its features to a wider audience.

* Events and workshops about Decred technology and blockchain in order to meet people in real life, explain to them this great technology and make them fall in love with it and use it, and increase our network.

This proposal's budget covers all marketing materials, travel expenses and sponsorship/event organization as well as working hours.

Article and video translations are _not included_ since they are already funded by kozel's translations [proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/c093b8a).

## Who?

This proposal will be executed by Decred in Arabia Ops team: [arij](https://twitter.com/in_insaf) (Decred Arabia, Community Manager) and [Zakaria](https://twitter.com/aithzakaria1) (Design).

## Cost

Spending too much on videos at this point is not reasonable, so we've decided to record 3 strategic videos for now and use them as entry points we send to new people. If that works well we might add more videos in the next proposal.

[One](https://youtu.be/k6xXL_ttSDI) of the planned strategic videos has already been published and is included in this proposal's budget.

Category | Details                                    | Unit Price | Units | Total Price
:--------|:-------------------------------------------|:----------:|:-----:|------------:
Events   | Room Renting                               |    $300    |   4   |      $1,200
Events   | Food and Drinks                            |    $200    |   4   |        $800
Events   | Printing Materials                         |    $100    |   4   |        $400
Events   | Working Hours                              |    $250    |   4   |      $1,000
Videos   | Research + Scripting + Filming + Editing   |    $700    |   3   |      $2,100
Videos   | Decred Hybrid System (already published)   |    $700    |   1   |        $700

The total budget of this proposal is **USD $6,200** to be used during 6 months from January till June 2020.

**Thanks for reading!**
